[Stream] Adding additional info about Allowed Origins (#17331)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/stream/viewing-videos/securing-your-stream.mdx

--data "{\"uid\": \"<VIDEO_UID>\", \"allowedOrigins\": [\"example.com\"]}"
```

### Allowed Origins

> The Allowed Origins feature allows you to specify which origins are allowed for playback. This feature works even if you are using your own video player. When using your own video player, Allowed Origins restrics which domain the HLS/DASH manfifest and the video segments can be requested from. 

Reviewer: "Allow" is mentioned a lot and sounds a bit repetitive. Maybe this can shake it up a bit? Feel free to disregard :)

```suggestion
The Allowed Origins feature lets you specify which origins are allowed for playback. This feature works even if you are using your own video player. When using your own video player, Allowed Origins restrics which domain the HLS/DASH manfifest and the video segments can be requested from. 
```
